Well, where have I been In port. Well, I've been on two ships in the Pacific
on two ships in the Atlantic. Deployed, deployed in ocean floor.
Is it asked, Where have you been on five of seven minutes. Allover
award. Well, Jones said See the world I signed on while doing that?
Where were you stationed at? What was it like there? Sensation said,
You know, physician longer, child order a lot of fun. You see, Japan?
I was stationed there for two years on because I don't speak the
language on I Look on a ship there. All right, now, will you? Excellent.
A lot of fun. I got my master's degree. Would probably go, uh,
Charleston, South Carolina, on there is a chief engineer for California.
No, for Virginia, Chief engineer of the Aurora. Excellent. Off
on our door. A lot of fun for the family on my mind. Like a tour
waas at the awesome military affairs at CIA. So I have a D c tour. Uh,
that was probably amounts of fun doing that job